And now I'll tell you
what your mission is
going to be...
Okay, Team 5, you
will transport a
plate that's been
designated as a
national treasure.
We're gonna deliver
that?
Whoa... This is
making me super
nervous.
Just leave it to me!
Huh?
Hey... Uh... What's
that you're wearing?
Oh! You mean this? It
is an arcane necklace
that cures anxiety!
Uh--
With this, you can
wave goodbye to
nervousness!
Now! Let us go, guys!
What?! You're back
already?!
Mmm. Uh?!
The same second I
handed it to him, he
got all nervous.
And right away, he
dropped it on the
ground.
I am sorry.
Then... that thing
didn't work at all!
It did not happen
'cause of anxiety!
My hand just
slipped, that
is all!
[groaning]
But why did you even
start wearing it in the first
place, Metal?
Oh... it is just
that...
I have some important
training coming up
and I absolutely
cannot be nervous
during it!
So I bought this
to help me with that!
You're saying... that
you seriously believe
something like that
is gonna work
for you?
Eight Inner Gates!
First Gate of
Opening... Open!
[yelling]
Uh!
Okay! Let us begin!
Opening the Eight
Inner Gates allows
you to remove all of
your limits and
acquire enormous
power.
There are eight
places, or gates, that
control the chakra
flowing inside your
body. What you just
witnessed is the
result of opening the
first of these gates.
It is the only
technique I can pass
on to you, since I
have no ninjutsu.
I thought it was time
to teach you.
So this is it?!
The... ultimate
taijutsu technique?!
I will finally be
learning it?
But remember... as I
told you before, the
more Gates that you
open, the greater the
toll this technique
takes on your body.
[gulping]
My own master, Guy
Sensei...
...sustained grave
injuries over his
whole body from this
technique's effects.
But understanding
this technique will
not just be about
enduring the harshest
training... You will
also have to face the
very core of your
being!
Mm.
Are you truly
prepared to do that?
[panicking] Uh... Just
H-Hold on a minute!
I leave it to you!
What is wrong?
Oh! Yes! Of
course I am!
Hmm... What is that
necklace that you are
wearing?
Oh... You mean this?
It is just something
that cures anxiety!
Anxiety?
I absolutely cannot
afford to become
nervous while
undertaking this
training, so I found
this online!
It makes me feel
really great!
[sighing]
Aw, Metal, perhaps
you are not ready.
Huh?
I am postponing the
Eight Inner Gates
training.
Huh?!
It seems that it
is a little too
soon for you.
Huh?! But why?
Until you yourself
realize why...
...there is nothing
at all that I can
teach you.
P- Papa?
[people chatting]
Why did papa say that
to me...?
All right, then! I
must do something
about my anxiety!
It's still morning and
the power of youth is
ablaze in you!
Huh?!
Ah!
[chuckling] Sorry,
sorry! I was doing my
rehab when I saw you
looking troubled!
G- Guy Sensei?!
Uh! Is that...?
Is that you, Metal?!
Wow, look at you!
You're all grown up!
Y-Yes!
Uh... But Metal
what's the matter?
What's with the
long face?
Well, uh, you see...
I see. So it's the
Eight Inner Gates,
huh?
Yes, sir.
I messed up. Papa is
disgusted at how I
always get nervous
so fast.
[sighing]
Yes, I understand...
Hey, Metal... if
you're free, I'd like
you to come and hang
out with me today.
Huh?!
Come along. I'm on my
way to teach at the
Academy right now.
And maybe...
... you'll pick up a
hint or two about
your issue.
So? Let's go!
Uh... sure!
[people chatting]
Hm?
Hmm? Curious, huh?
Ah! I am sorry,
it is just--
No. It's fine!
Thanks to all the help I've
been getting, I've been able to
focus on my rehab.
And now I can move
even better,
though only for
a short time.
And yet here I am,
worrying about my
anxiety.
You truly are
amazing, Guy Sensei!
[groaning]
[grunting]
Amazing! You've
certainly trained
well!
Of course I
have!
This is the least I
should be capable
of...
...if I am ever going
to have any hope of
mastering...
... the Eight
Inner Gates!
Uh?!
[admiring]
[panicking]
[panting]
We are running
late because of
my anxiety.
Maybe one of these
necklaces is not
enough.
I think that I had
better go buy another
one!
I still can't believe
it! Guy! He's a war
hero!
Getting to hear him
talk is gonna be
unbelievably
exciting!
W-Why are you here
even though you are
not students anymore?
Iwabe's a big fan of
Guy, in case you
couldn't tell...
Hey, hold up, Denki!
Don't you want to
hear him talk, too?!
Yeah! I do! Of
course I do!
You haven't changed
a bit, Iwabe.
Now, then, you
remember the
difference between
ninjutsu and
taijutsu?
Uh, yeah, sure
I do!
Ninjutsu goes boom! I
mean, you know, it
has force, and--
Good grief.
Often, ninjutsu is viewed as the
most essential skill for
shinobi.
But in reality, taijutsu is
just as important.
That's because--
Without relying on
chakra or seals, one
can swiftly counter
against an enemy.
Isn't that right?
Correct.
The truth is, I'm not all that
great at taijutsu. That's why I
want to learn more about it.
And that's why I came.
[laughing] I like
your spirit!
I'm sure that just
listening to my
lecture will make
you stronger!
Yeah! I'll listen
real close!
And I am hoping that
I will learn some
kind of hint that
will help me conquer
my anxiety!
Of course Ninjutsu is
important. However,
because I worked hard
to hone my taijutsu,
I was able to fight
side by side with
Naruto during the
Fourth Great Ninja
War.
Without a doubt, we
were facing the
strongest foe that
we ever faced.
And his name was...
It was...
Hmmm...
I forgot!
[groaning]
Of course, I did
suffer some losses...
But still... we were
able to protect what
we valued the most.
So in the end, I
had no regrets.
Guy Sensei, thank you
for your inspiring
lecture.
All right, do any of
you have any
questions?
Um...
Really? You don't
have any regrets at
all?
[gasping]
Nope! None!
It may sound funny to
say, but it's thanks
to these legs that I
can still persevere!
Instead of lamenting
the way things are...
...confronting the
truth and embracing
it makes people
become even stronger.
I truly believe that.
[gasping]
Okay... how about a
taijutsu demonstration?
Can you really do
that?!
Please, don't worry.
Now, then...
I'm going to ask you
two to volunteer.
Huh? Two of us
against you, Mister
Guy?
Are you sure about
that? With your leg?
Of course! You heard
me earlier.
I'm more agile now
than ever before.
All right...
Honestly, two against
one is nothing.
Now. Let's get
started.
[grunting]
Huh? [panicking]
They're all
staring! Ahhhhhhh--
[grunting]
I can't depend
on him.
[grunting]
[chuckling]
Ahhhh!
[grunting]
[crowd admiring]
Hm!
[yelling]
[grunting]
[panicking]
[laughing]
[grunting]
Hmmm...
[yelling]
[grunting]
[crowd admiring]
That's the match! The
winner is Guy Sensei!
Wow, amazing!
He did that all
on one leg...
... wow. War heroes
truly are incredible.
[crowd admiring]
[groaning]
What's the matter,
Metal? You seem kind
of depressed.
Guy Sensei, you are
so awesome!
Hmm?
You faced up to your
handicap, and in
doing so, you
conquered it.
Compared to you, I...
I am just not able
to conquer my anxiety.
And I am certain that
is why my papa is
disgusted by my
weakness.
That's not true,
Metal.
Huh?!
I'm sure you know
just what Lee's
intention truly was.
Huh?
Consider this, how
does one go about
facing the truth?
I suggest you think
about that once
again.
Uh... mmmmm.
The Eight Inner
Gates... The First
Gate...
[exhaling]
Consider this, how
does one go about
facing the truth?
I suggest you think
about that once
again.
[exhaling]
So then this is... No,
unless I have this, I
cannot control my
anxiety. I have to
have this!
Lee...
Mm. Guy Sensei.
Metal has been in a
constant state of
worry lately.
He's experiencing
the springtime of
his youth.
Yes. I must
apologize.
I am very sorry you
got involved in all
of this.
[chuckling]
It's me you're
talking to, here.
You don't have to
be so formal.
[chuckling]
But seriously... what
do you plan on doing
with him?
Well, I cannot simply
keep depending on
you, Guy Sensei.
From here on, I will
have to face Metal in
my own way somehow.
I can't believe it.
And we were so close to
capturing the thief, too.
I am sorry. It
was my fault.
Yeah, you
got that right.
There's no doubt it
was because of you.
The way those things
jangled, it was like
we were just telling
everyone right where
we were!
I know... That
may be true.
But...If I do
not have them...
Metal!
Huh?!
P- Papa?
W- What is going on?
Metal. I hereby
challenge you!
[gasping] You're
challenging him?!
Tomorrow morning.
The Academy training
grounds.
Just... Hold on a
second! Th-This is so
sudden!
If you wish to master
the Eight Inner Gates,
accept the
challenge!
But be aware that
I am inviting
people to watch.
[groaning]
Why?
What is it?
Too nervous to try?
[groaning]
If you cannot do it,
then give up now.
Uh--
If you are not able to
face this challenge,
you ever mastering the
Eight Inner Gates
is inconceivable!
[gasping]
Oh, and...
...if you can manage
to hit me just one time,
then you will win.
Uh?
[groaning]
That's quite a
predicament
you're in.
Uh?
Guy Sensei...
What now? What
do I do?
Look, Metal... does
your anxiety really
scare you that much?
[gasping]
The fact of the
matter is... you're
simply someone
who gets anxious. I
believe that's the
real and true you.
[gasping]
And facing up to what
your true self is...
The person that you
are now... should be
able to figure out
what that means.
Mmm.
[grunting]
[people chatting]
You think Metal's
coming?
Hmm.
Uh?
[crowd chatting]
Uh!
[crowd murmuring]
[panicking]
Metal...
You did not run away
from this challenge...
I misjudged you.
G- Guy Sensei is...
H- he is confronting
himself by going
through his
rehabilitation.
I... however... I
relied...
...on a ridiculous
necklace
and tried to run
away from my anxiety!
[gasping]
But now I see that
what is important is
not to get rid of my
anxiety... but to
confront it... and
accept it.
And that is why I
will not run away
from it anymore!
I made an oath to
myself!
So right here...
...right now...
...I will prove my
oath!
[gasping]
S- so.... L-Let us...
...do this right now!
[chuckling] You finally
understand it.
Very well, then! Let
us put to the test
just how well you can
do battle when you
acknowledge your
anxiety!
[grunting]
Bring it on!
[fighting]
[grunting]
[laughing]
[panicking]
They're laughing
at me!
[grunting]
[laughing]
[grunting] Someone like
me could not possibly
master the Eight
Inner Gates...
is that right?
But still!
..,one thing I can do
is prove...
[grunting] I will not
run from my anxiety!
[crowd gasping]
Yes, Metal! That's
it! You're so--!
Hmm.
I will not go easy!
[yelling]
[fighting]
[crowd admiring]
[screaming]
There!
There are so many
people watching!
What the-?!
[yelling]
[fighting]
Those movements!
They're from--!
[grunting]
[stumbling]
[laughing]
Ah! Oh, no! They're
all laughing at me
again?!
[grunting]
[screaming]
[gasping]
[fighting]
[crowd admiring]
Ahhh! All of them
were laughing earlier,
but now they're
paying close
attention!
His moves are so
erratic I cannot read
them clearly!
[fighting]
Hang in there!
He's pushing through!
Do it!
[screaming]
[grunting]
L- Leaf...!
[gasping]
...Hurricane!
[grunting]
[gasping]
[panting]
It's over!
And the winner is
Metal Lee!
[cheering]
What?! Wait, I
won?! I really did?!
[grunting]
Well done, Metal.
[gasping]
P-Papa!
This is the result of
you confronting your
anxiety.
Impressive!
I- I am going to
begin my training
all over again.
One day, I am sure
that I will be able
to master the
Eight Inner Gates!
You have started!
That hit you landed
was so strong because
you opened
the First Gate.
Huh?!
I bet that extreme anxiety
you felt produced an absolutely
unbelievable amount of
adrenaline.
And that allowed
you to open the
First Gate.
[gasping]
And to mess with
your opponent the
way you did...
Your moves...
They were just
so unpredictable.
They sure kept
Lee off balance.
Seems that I was
right after all!
Huh?
Yes!
That facing yourself
makes you strong.
[chuckling]
G- Guy Sensei!
[sobbing]
You guys! Now this is
the spirit of youth!
This feels so
nostalgic, Guy
Sensei!
[sobbing]
[groaning]
All right, you two,
Now it's time for
us to do three
thousand pushups!
Hey, wait...!
Hmm?
It's gone! What did
you do with that weird
necklace you had?
Oh! I do not need
that thing anymore.
Now I know the
anxious me is the
genuine me.
[confused groaning]
Uh... Well, a lot of
stuff happened.
It was amazing, huh?
Hmm?
All right, Team 5,
your mission is to
deliver this vase,
a national
treasure.
Mm?!
And please, do your
best not to break it
this time.
[groaning]
[panicking]
Now just calm down, okay? Just
stay calm!
Hey, you're gonna
drop it!
I cannot!
Hey, youngster! Show
me around the Leaf
Village!
Hey, who's
the old guy?
Are you Ohnoki the
Fence-Sitter, the
shinobi world's
famous hero? The Five
Kage Summit's underway
and--
I don't care one whit
about that! Now take
me to a dumpling
shop- Ow! My back!
Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next
Generations:
"The Hardest Rock
in the World"
Tell me the truth. Is
this geezer really a
legendary shinobi?